WebAuthn Doc 01 - Existing API Updates (#1713)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/apis/_tenant-request-body.adoc

:enterprise_feature: SCIM
include::../shared/_enterprise-edition-blurb-api.adoc[]
+

> :enterprise_feature!:

Reviewer: Did you add this for completeness or was it a doc bug?

Author: It was not causing display issues, but it seemed like the norm is to undefine that variable after each usage based on these type of comments:
```
// You must keep the empty line above the `+` and you cannot undefine :enterprise_feature!: here it breaks the formatting because of the list.
```

Daniel helped me find a way to format the `adoc` files that will allow using those includes and variables without the need for different spacing and variable usage. I could update the other cases in this file as well.

Thoughts?

Author: I looked at this again. The cases I updated were places that we could unset the variable without other changes.

I looked at updating other includes to be consistent, and they all behave differently. I did update the one remaining case that had the above comment with an unordered list, but I'm going to leave the others.

* `Always` - Always append a unique suffix even when the requested username is not in use.
* `OnCollision` - Only append a unique suffix when the requested username is in use.

[field]#tenant.webAuthnConfiguration.bootstrapWorkflow.authenticatorAttachmentPreference# [type]#[String]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `crossPlatform`# [since]#Available since 1.41.0#::
Determines the authenticator attachment requirement for WebAuthn passkey registration when using the bootstrap workflow. The possible values are:
+
* `any` - An authenticator with any attachment modality will be allowed during registration.
* `crossPlatform` - Only authenticators with the `cross-platform` attachment modality will be allowed during registration. These are also referred to as "roaming" authenticators.
* `platform` - Only authenticators with the `platform` attachment modality will be allowed during registration.

> +

Author: I could not get this to format properly. There are other examples I found where it is a bulleted list followed by one of the `enterprise_feature` blurbs, but this case has a list followed by a recommendation followed by a `premium_feature` blurb followed by an `enterprise_feature` blurb. The enterprise blurb is correct, but I could not get the recommendation and premium feature blurb in the right spot.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3409780/201366956-e3765df5-71f4-4796-85ec-06ac65047dcf.png)

The recommended value for the bootstrap workflow is `crossPlatform` (when supported).

+

> :premium_feature: WebAuthn

Author: Should I use `premium_feature` or `advanced_feature` to describe WebAuthn in general? Premium says that a "paid version" is required. Advanced says that "A Essentials or Enterprise" edition is required.

Reviewer 2: @spwitt "Advanced" WebAuthN is Essentials and Ent. for now - https://fusionauth.io/pricing

Author: I was wondering because I didn't see any uses of that include. I'm not sure if we are phasing it out or it's just getting started.

Author: You were right. Updated to use `advanced_feature` text.

include::../shared/_premium-edition-blurb-api.adoc[]
// You must keep the empty line above the `+` and you cannot undefine :premium_feature!: here it breaks the formatting because of the list.

+
:enterprise_feature: WebAuthn roaming authenticators
include::../shared/_enterprise-edition-blurb-api.adoc[]
// You must keep the empty line above the `+` and you cannot undefine :enterprise_feature!: here it breaks the formatting because of the list.

[field]#tenant.webAuthnConfiguration.bootstrapWorkflow.enabled# [type]#[Boolean]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `false`# [since]#Available since 1.41.0#::
Whether or not this tenant has the WebAuthn bootstrap workflow enabled. The bootstrap workflow is used to perform a manual login using WebAuthn and can be used on a new device.
+
:premium_feature: WebAuthn
include::../shared/_premium-edition-blurb-api.adoc[]
+
:premium_feature!:

> [field]#tenant.webAuthnConfiguration.bootstrapWorkflow.userVerificationRequirement# [type]#[String]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `required`# [since]#Available since 1.41.0#::

Author: Should all of these fields have something like "Required if `tenant.webAuthnConfiguration.bootstrapWorkflow.enabled` is `true`."?

I've seen something similar for other items here. I think that all of the WebAuthn stuff will still work with defaults.

Author: These will still default if they are omitted from the request object, so we don't need the message.

* `Always` - Always append a unique suffix even when the requested username is not in use.
* `OnCollision` - Only append a unique suffix when the requested username is in use.

[field]#tenant.webAuthnConfiguration.bootstrapWorkflow.authenticatorAttachmentPreference# [type]#[String]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `crossPlatform`# [since]#Available since 1.41.0#::
Determines the authenticator attachment requirement for WebAuthn passkey registration when using the bootstrap workflow. The possible values are:
+
 * `any` - An authenticator with any attachment modality will be allowed during registration.
 * `crossPlatform` - Only authenticators with the `cross-platform` attachment modality will be allowed during registration. These are also referred to as "roaming" authenticators.
 * `platform` - Only authenticators with the `platform` attachment modality will be allowed during registration.
+
The recommended value for the bootstrap workflow is `crossPlatform` (when supported).
+
:advanced_feature: WebAuthn
include::../shared/_advanced-edition-blurb-api.adoc[]
+
:advanced_feature!:
+

> :enterprise_feature: WebAuthn roaming authenticators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:enterprise_feature: WebAuthn cross-platform authenticators
```

Author: The license features refer to them as "roaming" authenticators. @robotdan should we update that as well?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3409780/201677862-0b7f1815-93e8-4140-b22e-b16ce57ef4f1.png)

Reviewer 3: Fixed the FusionAuth end.

Whether or not this tenant has WebAuthn enabled globally.
+
:advanced_feature: WebAuthn
include::../shared/_advanced-edition-blurb-api.adoc[]
+
:advanced_feature!:

[field]#tenant.webAuthnConfiguration.reauthenticationWorkflow.authenticatorAttachmentPreference# [type]#[String]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `crossPlatform`# [since]#Available since 1.41.0#::
Determines the authenticator attachment requirement for WebAuthn passkey registration when using the reauthentication workflow. The possible values are:
+
 * `any` - An authenticator with any attachment modality will be allowed during registration.
 * `crossPlatform` - Only authenticators with the `cross-platform` attachment modality will be allowed during registration. These are also referred to as "roaming" authenticators.
 * `platform` - Only authenticators with the `platform` attachment modality will be allowed during registration.
+
The recommended value for the reauthentication workflow is `platform`.
+
:advanced_feature: WebAuthn
include::../shared/_premium-edition-blurb-api.adoc[]
+
:advanced_feature!:
+

> :enterprise_feature: WebAuthn roaming authenticators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:enterprise_feature: WebAuthn cross-platform authenticators
```

+
 * `discouraged` - If possible, do not require user verification during registration and authentication.
 * `preferred` - Prefer authenticators that support user verification during registration and authentication but allow others.
 * `required` - Only authenticators that support user verification will be allowed.
+
It is _highly_ recommended to use the `required` option for the reauthentication workflow.
+
:advanced_feature: WebAuthn
include::../shared/_advanced-edition-blurb-api.adoc[]
+
:advanced_feature!:

[field]#tenant.webAuthnConfiguration.relyingPartyId# [type]#[String]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to **[see description]**# [since]#Available since 1.41.0#::
The value this tenant will use for the Relying Party Id in WebAuthn ceremonies. Passkeys can only be used to authenticate on sites with the same Relying Party Id they were registered. This value must match your fully qualified domain name or be a registrable suffix of your fully qualified domain. For example, if your domain is `auth.example.com`, you could use `auth.example.com` or `example.com` but not `m.auth.example.com` or `com`.
+

> When this parameter is omitted, FusionAuth will use `null` for the Relying Party Id in passkey creation and request options. A `null` value in the WebAuthn client API will use the current fully qualified domain.

Reviewer: The "current fully qualified domain" of what? The FusionAuth instance, I presume.

Author: I wasn't sure how to phrase this. It's the FQDN of the _browser_ when the user authenticates.

So if they are calling FusionAuth APIs at `company-prod.fusionauth.io`, but the login page is at `auth.company.com`, it would be `auth.company.com`.

Any suggestions for a succinct way to say that?

Author: The spec uses the following to describe the behavior when the parameter is omitted from the call to the WebAuthn client API:
> By default, the RP ID for a WebAuthn operation is set to the caller’s origin's effective domain.

Author: Changed this to use "browser origin," which is closer to the spec and more correct.

+
:advanced_feature: WebAuthn
include::../shared/_advanced-edition-blurb-api.adoc[]
+
:advanced_feature!:

[field]#tenant.webAuthnConfiguration.relyingPartyName# [type]#[String]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to **[see description]**# [since]#Available since 1.41.0#::

> The value this tenant will use for the Relying Party name in WebAuthn ceremonies. This value is used only for display and may be shown by browser or OS dialogs during WebAuthn ceremonies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value this tenant will use for the Relying Party name in WebAuthn ceremonies. This value may be displayed by browser or operating system dialogs during WebAuthn ceremonies.
```

+

> When this parameter is omitted, FusionAuth will use the [field]#tenant.issuer# value in passkey creation options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this parameter is omitted, FusionAuth will use the [field]#tenant.issuer# value.
```

Unless there's some reason for the 'passkey creation options' text?

Author: Just to provide more context about how the value is used because it may not be obvious what that value is for. Maybe there's a better place to go into detail about that. I assume we'll have a developer guide or something like that for WebAuthn.
